
# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #16

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Artur will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes.
- Artur and Anil will lead discussion putting severity on issues. 
- Scott will discuss Support from the community and ask for any community feedback. 
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, August 30, 2023
- Time: 07:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]
- [Transcript](#transcript)

# Participants

- Artur Troian
- Martyn
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright


# Notes

- Tyler talked about what happenned in sig-support biweekly meeting #15.
- Artur mentioned that the Network Upgrade is tomorrow at 1pm Eastern time. There has not been much work done on support tickets in the last two weeks by the core team, because the Mainnet 6 upgrade.
- Artur talked about [issue 116](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/116). This is a p1 issue. There may not need to be code changes. There may be changes to the
- Artur talked about [issue 73](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73) which is the Network Upgrade Documentation. This issue is now closed because the work is done.
- Artur talked about [issue 113](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/113). Had to add what kind of currency because of stable payments. This is marked P1. Documentation will be updated around this issue after the network upgrade.
- Scott and Artur talked about [issue 114](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/114). This occurs on 1-5% of leases. This is mostly with Praetor installs, but has also affected none praetor provider builds. Artur mentioned there may be an issue in parser. Provider services will be split into smaller services.
- If issue 114 gets worse, we will prioritize this after the Mainnet upgrade. It is sev2 right now.
- Artur talked about [issue 110](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/110). Do not have to depricate it, but have to make it clear in documentation that this approach is the best, but not required.
- Provider release will be out later today.
- For the next couple of weeks, there may be bugs, so please make issues in the support repo, and feel free to attend future sig-support biweekly meetings.
- Tyler mentioned that announcements will be made BEFORE Providers should upgrade! Instructions will be made available then.
- Tyler mentioned that Praetor is working on their upgrade process as well for those that use Praetor.



## Support

- No mainnet issues have been filed since our last meeting.
- Most support is around Sandbox. Community is helping users set up GPU workloads in Sandbox.
- Rodri mentioned that there are no issues, and support is steady.



### Action Items

- Scott to add comments to [issue 110](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/110).
- Track [issue 114](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/114). 

# **Transcript**
