
# Akash Network - Clients Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #6

## Agenda

- Quick follow up from sig-clients monthly meeting #5.
- Update on specific Akash clients from representatives present at the meeting.
- Demo from Open Registry team.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, June 21, 2023
- Time: 10:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://7wma24vbcylbmj2q74v24kte6sy7ysjarnbbgozg7p4yh5gnkiaa.arweave.net/_ZgNcqEWFhYnUP8rripk9LH8SSCLQhM7Jvv5g_TNUgA)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Anil Murty
- Cheng Wang
- Fireflies.ai Notetaker Nicolas
- Gunjan Valecha
- Jasdeep Singh
- Jigar Patel
- Joseph Tary
- Max
- Tony Stark
- Tyler Wright

## Notes (from @Envy)

- GPU testnet began 6/20, Praetor supporting with bug fixes and provider builds
- Console added support for swapping RPC nodes, GPU SDLs, bug fixes and small improvements
- SDL enhancements for GPU added to AkashJS library
- Cloudmos updated to support GPU attributes, web app updated for mobile devices
	- does not currently support WalletConnect but browsing the Cloudmos app is supported

### Open Registry demo

https://beta.openregistry.dev
- WebAuthn implemented - passwordless cryptographic login mechanism bound to device
- pushing/pulling container images currently supported
- uses content hashes for images and layers - if a duplicate exists, pushing is skipped and layer is remounted onto your container image server-side - saves storage and bandwidth
- automated builds (similar to Github Actions) being added to OpenRegistry portal
	- goal to have Akash as a compute provider, implement runners via Akash
- planning to reach out to more users, container-related APIs believed to be stable
- Storj, IPFS, Filebase, and S3 compatible solutions available for image storage backends
	- OpenRegistry backend partially running on Akash


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Welcome everybody to SIG clients monthly meeting number six in their clients, Special interest group. This is an opportunity for folks that are building again, various tools on top of a cost network to be able to come together, discuss updates on the things that they're building and again, kind of come together and meet as a larger community. I just want to give a special shout out to the cash consult team. The Cloud most team and the pre-tor team. I know that they've been doing a number of things on updating their own again, tools, but they've also been able to support the GPU test set, as well as the GPU provider attributes. So, just want to shout out those groups that have been again, helping us to get to this point with the AI incentivized septnet. So, thank you to those teams.

Tyler Wright: There will be a demo from the open registry team, but how we, normally start these client meetings is just some small updates from each team. I know that there's been a number of teams working on things from again, The console team has made some updates in the ecosystem console discord and a sphere on pretor clubhouse, teams, involvement working on a number of things. So again, quickly before we move on to the open registry. I do want to give clients opportunity to provide some updates. I see that Thomas Pray to our team is here in Council Seniors here. So I guess we can start in reverse talk about quarter Jigar, do you want to give a quick update on some of the things that are happening with pray tour that you want to share?

Jigar Patel: Yeah, absolutely. So as everybody knows that, Basically, Ourcast network started, a jupitation yesterday, we're being supporting testnet throughout and we are visiting solving issues. Any bugs that comes around us also where we are very active in all the groups. So please tag me or they will if you need any help in building a GPU provider, please let us know. And anything big is welcome.

Tyler Wright: Thank you. Jigar, does anyone have any questions or comments for Jigar or the prayer team?

Tyler Wright: All right, continuing in reverse up better quarter or we can move on to console. So I know put an update in the chat yesterday, I think we Joseph her Anil, feel free to give an update on some of the things that are going on the console front.

Joseph Tary: Nobody want everyone into it. So, yeah, most of the work's going on. Console is about getting ready for Testament, so we've added support for swatching swap around the RPC node. So you can select the One install custom Kepler keychains, you can use both the beta and then adding GPU On the STL side. Getting it actually into the UI is still working progress, so you can't quite set that up inside of the UI itself that you can use, GPU containing sdls. And then just various bug fixes, it improvements that we sort of notice over the past few months, that we were trying to get patched up.

Joseph Tary: One note, that might be of interest anyone here who's using a cash JS.

Tyler Wright: It was awesome.

Joseph Tary: Is that the SDL enhancements is where GPR in a cash JS. So if you're using that library, you should get those updates for free.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Joseph.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone have any questions on anything related to console?

Tyler Wright: All Continuing on update side, Let's see Max here. So Max, do you want to give it update? I know that you're all been getting again Cloud. Most ready to support the testnet, as well as GPU provider attributes. Is there anything else that you want to share with the group on updates on the Cosmo side?

Max: Hey, Hey guys. Sure, like you mentioned, we updated Carlos to support the GPU attributes. And recently, we updated the app to be mobile friendly. So Doesn't currently support while it connects so you can actually deploy on your mobile device. But that will come at some point right now. You can actually Browse the Cloud Nodes App on your mobile device. It's been a long time coming and that's pretty much it bunch of improvements here and there and bug fixes.

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Excellent, thank you. Does anyone have any questions for Max on anything cloud? Most related?

Tyler Wright: is there anybody that's representing any other clients that wants to give an update on what's going On their front.

Tyler Wright: All rific. Alright again there's a number of channels in discord where obviously besides the SIG and Working Group channels and general chat under the deployments and provider areas. there are channels that have this pretext pray toward ecosycostem, dash console where again, specific conversations can happen around the specific clients. I know there's also an open registry channel so again,

Tyler Wright: If anybody has any questions, thoughts additional things they want to talk about. There's channels that exist where you can talk to again, the owners or Max Jigar, Joseph and Anil about specific things related to those clients. So, feel free to use those channels for conversation between meetings, as well as obviously the SID clients discord channel, where you can talk about general things related to clients on a class network.

Tyler Wright: that said, we do want to move on to the highlight of the meeting, again, at the last monthly meeting. We got a small presentation from the open registry team as well as the demo from Luna and the Quasarch team on some of the work they've been doing. I know that from that presentation open Registry Team. One to give a demo on some of the updates that they've been working on over the past year. So again, this is a major talking point for the agenda. I want to hand the floor over to the open, Registry team, feel free to share your screen. And again, I'll just be sitting in a background. So we'll go through a demo and then we'll ask any questions comments from the participants here. And again, this will live on as an asset. That will be added to the Github State clients. Read me for folks, to look at the demo in the future.

Tyler Wright: Without further ado, I'll hand over to open registered team to get us going.

Jasdeep Singh: Thank you, I'll go and present my screen.

Jasdeep Singh: Let me know when you guys can see it.

Tyler Wright: Yes, we can see it.

Jasdeep Singh: So since the last time we've added a lot more features and we've had a lot of features already developed in the pipeline, but we never really deployed them online, or even on a beta channel. So, This time we actually went on did that. So if your beater or open history out there, you're gonna actually see all the latest and greatest of the features that we have. One of the very popular ones, obviously, is where both end.

Jasdeep Singh: So 10 is a password less mechanism of logging into websites and providing your identity. If you're familiar with, passkeys, we support bask keys. Which pretty much means you can use your phone to log into your browser in the laptop scanner, QR code, and it lets you login. So, it's one of the methods that we support. There is no information that needs to be shared. It's all public key cryptography, so it's really secure. There is no way you could leak this information out like nobody could actually go and hack this into your system. this is one of the methods that we have for logging and then the other actually, maybe I should show you guys how to maybe sign up test user, I guess

Jasdeep Singh: You for creating a new credential with your browser, which is linked to your computer. So if you have a laptop or a system, once you log in to sign up is just as simple as that. go on and there you No need a passwords and your identity is linked to your hardware device. very secure. The second thing is last time. I think we didn't have any container images here. This time we do. I think that happened dinner images but we did not have them my greater to this. One of the reasons why we have so few is this is a beta channel. We don't really keep any container images. On this instance, this is only for testing and demoing the product of

00:10:00

Jasdeep Singh: just a little while ago I pushed the Akash node as a container image here. So this is the latest tag that I got from Github and I pushed it here. You could copy the command to poll the container image, you can obviously see both the commands here as well. You can go and list and also if you want to do you could Do a lot more.

Jasdeep Singh: If you guys want to see maybe a push, I guess We could try to Portia container mate. let me select a really small one.

Jasdeep Singh: There is another underscore one thing. yeah, that's a little bit. This year is already logged in So the way it works is you basically take any container image. In this case, we're taking HTTP but very popular proxy don't, which is contain, So if you have any container image, just give it a prefix of our offer API. This is beta, so it has a beta APA here but usually it's just open issue on Del Your username and then the name of the container image that's trying to perform any operation on.

Jasdeep Singh: there's nothing Maybe that's about fine. Yeah. Maybe let's subscribe with a different container image.

Jasdeep Singh: A chase layer already exists, which reading it means that the container image we try to push already sort of existed. We do content hashes off your container images and in case your container image matches with someone maybe the parts of a container image matches with someone else's parts of the container image. We go and skip that and actually mount it directly into your container image like saving a lot of bandwidth on storage and network if you were to help. And now We should have the v5 tag that we just pushed but basically pretty much they're all the same container images. The same way. If you wanted to pull, you could just take the URL of your container image. and all that,

Jasdeep Singh: It's already Something actually has happened. Other than this, there's one more feature that we don't have live here on beta just yet. But this is something about automated builds with Github. it's nothing really revolutionary. It's like get actions but they're accessed via your open registry portal. The idea is that we want to have a cache network as one of the compute providers here and Essentially have greater runners, we are akash. And I think that is going to be really like a cool integration. We started with Github because it There's a lot of research I think that we need to do with the cash on how to do container image builds on it. But I can actually guys off on this instance.

Jasdeep Singh: Yeah, I don't remember.

Jasdeep Singh: Maybe able to visit.

Jasdeep Singh: Automated Builds. Click Connect GitHub. And it'll take you to your Github account and ask you to essentially select a bunch of repositories. Even select any number of container repo, not Indian rappers like any github repo and then we list it here. You select a container. I get a repository begins set up and essentially give her name something about automation. You can select the branches that you have available to you and also toggle between different tools that you want to use to build your project and this is my local instance so it has the domain as local host, but usually it would be something like Homeostat.dev. Go save it and build it. What this does is it goes on to

00:15:00

Jasdeep Singh: Goes on to get a pull request on the repository that you have selected.

Jasdeep Singh: Which one did we select? We have automation test. looks like something is off for Probably about but what then it goes on to do is screen the logs of your build. if open registry is already part of your repository, then it just streams a logs of your last container build prints them. We, of course, need to spend some time on formatting this and making it more readable and slowly you can already see the hands. we want to integrate this into automated and deploying Onto a cars and all. So have different kinds of container build environments. And then you can go and continue and come back. So this is one of the features that we are very very excited about.

Jasdeep Singh: and I think we would love to actually have a maybe point of contact from Akash networks side. So that we can figure out a way on how to Build Automation tool on top of a cache network.

Jasdeep Singh: And that's pretty much This is a new website on this one.

Tyler Wright: Perfect, thank you. Does anyone have any? Yeah, thoughts for the open registry team.

Max: Hey guys, it's been a long time since we talked.

Jasdeep Singh: Yeah. Hey

Max: Yeah, really great interface. And UI UX seems like You guys worked hard on it in the past year or two. I was wondering. Yeah. Have you guys started getting People using it or are you still not in your product market fit?

Jasdeep Singh: So we really believe that we have a great product market fit, but we still haven't started eating out to a lot of people because there are some features. We just really wanted to get in. And at this point I think the entire container related APIs are quite stable. So we'll start actually reaching out more people on the main instance. We've had somewhere around, some users. Nothing, no more than that. But now, we feel like we are quite ready, quickly, push it out and then have more people use that system.

Max: Okay, And then from what I see you guys are using, you cancel. Your skin doesn't matter and you're seeing Ipfs, or Star Star. J, or something like this. To start a tuck your containers. And using a cache to run, like the Web app, or Mistaken.

Jasdeep Singh: So we use storage Ipfs and file base and anything that is Compatible can be used with Open history as a backend for a container images. The front end, part is actually deployed on CLOUDFLARE pages but back end is on Akash and also also on a single server that we have

Max: Okay, cool. Thanks.

Jasdeep Singh: Cool.

Tyler Wright: Are there any other questions for the open registry team?

Tyler Wright: And in terms of the request of somebody from the core team, I think. Yeah, if you have any questions related to any decisions that you're making on the product, feel free to put those questions in side, sick clients, you can also tag myself or some other people from the core team, and we'll make sure that if there's somebody that needs to get you an answer that's beyond again, my abilities. I'll make sure that that person joins the conversation. It can give you the necessary information that you need.

Jasdeep Singh: Thanks a lot. Yeah, We'll do that.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. does anyone else have any Comments for the open registry team.

00:20:00

Tyler Wright: Alright, I know we've covered again updates from various clients. We've gotten a demo from the open registry team, is there Clients related that anybody else wants to talk about during this meeting?

Tyler Wright: If not then again I won't waste too much more of your time again. I'd much appreciate everybody joining. Thank you all to the teams here that have talked and given updates. Again, shout out to pray to the Cloud most team for all their work, supporting GPU testnet again that started yesterday. This first week is very much about provider setups. So, Task One is the major task for this week. Next week, we'll start opening up Test Two, which will be the SCL builder for folks to start building AI sdls. And then again the deployment tasks and the benchmarking tasks will begin July 5th. So, two weeks from today, following again, July 4th holiday,

Tyler Wright: So again, if anybody has any questions comments on anything related to SID clients, feel free to drop those in discord. If anybody wants to give a demo and anything that they're working on or want to get feedback from anybody, please feel free to reach out to me or reach out and say clients We can add you to the agenda for future monthly meetings. But again, a huge thank you to everyone here. For all the hard work that you have been doing, please let me know if you need anything in between meetings, and we'll get a facilitated for you. I hope everyone has a great rest of the day if you need to have any questions about GPU testing. Again, there's specific channels, there's a section in discord. If you have any questions about provider you can ask in the GPU testnet provider channel and there's also a deploy or channel which will be more active once we start doing deployer tests. A bunch appreciate everybody here. Thank you again. Have a great rest of the day.

Jasdeep Singh: Thanks guys. Have a good day. Bye.

Joseph Tary: Think.

Jigar Patel: And guys.

Meeting ended after 00:22:38 👋

