
# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #1

## Agenda

- Luna is going to share service icons their team has been working on. Luna will be creating a spec to collect feedback and make changes.
- Denis is going to share ux/ui visual kit draft.
- Denis is going to share brand guide draft.


## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, February 2, 2023
- Time: 8:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)


## Participants

- Joao Luna
- Zach Horn
- George Pro
- Tyler Wright
- Denis Lelic

## Notes
- Parcticipants talked about what sig-design does.
- Responsibilities of sig-design include all visual communication across touchpoints on Akash. Touchpoints include website, products, documentation, marketing, and countless other places. 
- Parcticipants agreed to have the monthly meeting on a Wednesday, between 9am and 12pm pacific time.
- Zach wants to share ideas with community. This is a way to get community feedback, and get more users involved in the design process.
- Any designs that community wants feedback on should be shared in sig-design, with attention to amplify on Twitter.
- Luna saw a lack of icons for the services tool. His team created icons for services like "Persistant storage", "IP Leases", and others. Luna and his team are creating a spec that they will share with the community. 


### Action Items

- Brand Guide Spec for Akash Network to be finalized by Denis
- Spec for templates including, Twitter, video content, partnership announcement
- Tyler to check on how to share files for design. Denis wants to use Figma. The account is free.
- Luna wants to have a design language across tools (alerts, deployments)
- Tyler to add a monthly meeting on a Wednesday between 9am and 12pm pacific time
- Next meeting we should talk about how to distribute visual assets to the community.

# Transcript

n/a
